Oh, you're up?
Hey!
You again?
Did you do anything
to me last night?
Don't you remember anything?
We...
We're here.
I'm going now.
Where are you going?
Didn't your dad
confiscate all of your things?
One of my friends lives in the area.
I can stay with him. No problem.
You can come inside for a drink
if you'd like.
Mind?
You have a guest.
Shouldn't you be serving
tea or coffee?
And what's this?
Tea or coffee at 9 p.m.?
- Beer is better.
- But...
Or not?
Try me.
You drank yourself
into a stupor last night
and threw up all over your shirt.
So I had to take your clothes off
and dragged you here.
We didn't
sleep together, right?
Not last night, no.
But I'm not sure about other times.
Shut up!
Do you want your clothes back?
Of course!
Here.
Hurry up and get dressed.
I'll make you breakfast.
You can get out now.
What are you looking at?
You're sexually harassing me.
Why is she so thirsty?
Here's your breakfast.
What is this?
Instant noodles.
Haven't you heard of them?
No American breakfast
or a buffet?
- A buffet?
- Right.
- You don't have to eat then.
- Hold on!
I was only joking.
Why are you sulking?
Here. Eat up.
Why didn't you tell me it's hot?
- My mouth is burning!
- Take it slow!
Turn around.
There's something on your face.
Tasty, isn't it?
So-so.
So-so? I did my best.
Just say so if it's tasty.
It's just instant noodles.
Just? It's not "just!".
If we put our feelings into cooking,
the food will be tastier.
- Can't you feel it?
- Feel what?
Feel the love.
Mmm.
Hey!
What are you doing here?
Tan! Tan! Tan!
The thing is,
Porsche got kicked out of the house.
So I let him stay here.
His dad confiscated his car
and credit cards.
Oh?
Have you fallen from grace?
Tan!
You're kicking me while I'm down?
Huh? You're kicking me
while I'm down?
Don't worry. I'll talk to him.
There's no need to talk.
I don't have to stay at your house.
Get out then! Who told you to stay?
Tan, calm down!
Can you let me explain?
No need. Your house is filthy.
I don't have to stay here.
I can leave now.
- Porsch!
- Yes?
- I don't have to stay...
- Go upstairs!
Yes, ma'am.
Mind,
this is my house.
Tan,
let her explain first.
Porsch is really in trouble.
Can't he stay for a few days?
Did you make a decision
on your own again?
That's my shirt
and this is my house!
What do you want me to do? Let him
walk around the house naked?
That's right.
Tell him to get out now.
Can you just calm down for a sec?
Water.
Can I have some water?
Okay, okay.
I'm going to behave. Happy?
Not just behave.
You should also be friends.
My head is going to rupture if you
and him keep fighting every day.
Mind, who's the woman upstairs?
It's my business.
Stay out of it.
I was just asking.
Why do you have to be angry?
- She said she's thirsty.
- She's none of your business.
Show me some respect
if you want to stay.
Besides, stay out of that room...
What did you say just now?
Porsch, what did you say?
I said I was just asking.
Why do you have to be angry?
No.
After that.
The woman upstairs is thirsty.
Hey!
What's going on?
I'm coming with!
I've examined her.
She's exhausted
and she has myasthenia.
Let her rest a lot
and receive physical therapy.
She's going to get better soon.
Other than that,
there's nothing to worry about.
She doesn't seem to
remember anything.
It's normal.
For bedridden patients,
their muscles haven't been
used in a while,
including their brain.
Her memory will return soon.
But I'm not sure
if she's going to
remember everything.
I'm going to make an appointment
for her to be examined again.
- Please come this way.
- Okay.
How are you feeling, Rung?
Oh,
this is Rarin,
my girlfriend.
You have a girlfriend?
You can call me Rin.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Tan must've caused you
a lot of headaches.
I didn't
Are you okay?
Let's let her rest.
We have to get back to work as well.
Okay.
I won't bother you now.
I hope you get better soon.
Rin.
I'll call you.
Hello?
I have to cancel
Tanthai's work for now.
There's a bit of a personal issue.
It's a family matter.
Okay. I'm sorry.
Thank you very much. Goodbye.
Oh, Rin.
Are you going now?
Mmm.
I was thinking of talking to you
about Tanthai's fitting for BFW.
But
let's leave it for now.
Mmm.
I want Tan to stay
with Rung for now.
The reporters are going to have
a field day if they find out.
I understand.
Speak of the devil.
Hello?
That's right.
Tan's not really available
at this moment.
Hmm.
Can we leave it for another time?
I'll contact you immediately
once Tan's available again.
Bangkok Fashion Week
is organized under the concept
"somewhere in Bangkok."
You've all been informed.
In August, I hope to
receive collaboration
and creativity from each of
your brands like in previous years.
But this year is
more special than others.
Because we have Anya,
the legendary columnist,
as our consultant.
You're like our salvation.
You're flattering me.
For the rough schedule, there will
be a press conference on the 25th
and a blocking rehearsal on the 8th
before the event like usual.
I'd like the organizing team to stay
back and further discuss things.
That's all for the designers.
Would you like to
add anything, Anya?
I don't think so.
I hope everyone will do their best,
create new things,
and preserve the honor
of being a designer.
Rarin.
- Rarin.
- Yes?
Anya called you.
It's nothing, really.
I just saw that you weren't paying
attention during our meeting.
I hope
that you'll have something
to surprise us with.
Of course.
It's my first time
collaborating with you.
I'll do my best.
I won't disappoint you or
anyone else here.
Your stomach is still weak.
The doctor recommended something
that's easy to digest.
Once you've fully recovered,
I'm going to take you
to all your favorite places.
I'm sorry, Tan.
What for?
You waking up
is already the best thing that's
ever happened in my life.
A lot must've happened
while I was asleep.
That's right.
If you want to know about something,
I'll tell you.
Can you tell me
about your girlfriend then?
About Rin?
She's
a lovely person.
And she's very talented.
Oh,
she's also a designer.
I'm the muse for her brand.
A designer?
Yes.
When I'm with her,
I'm always reminded of you.
If you want to see her,
should I arrange a meeting?
Rin.
- Yes?
- Uhh...
Are the patterns
for the finale done yet?
Well,
I'm not rushing you or anything.
Not yet.
I'd like a bit more time.
I'm just worried about you.
I'm sorry.
Hello, is something the matter?
Can't I call you otherwise?
No, it's not like that.
Are you okay?
You don't sound alright.
Hmm.
It's just work.
I'm having a bit
of an artist's block.
Oh.
Do you want to talk to Rung?
A designer talking to a designer.
You might get inspired.
I don't want to be a bother.
But I think
if you talk to her,
you might be able to help
jog her memory.
But it's okay
if it's inconvenient for you.
I'll come over then.
Really?
Mmm.
I have to hang up now.
I have a meeting.
Okay. I'll see you later.
Come on.
Careful.
There.
Adjust her legs.
What's that smell?
- It smells like...
- Something burning.
Is there anyone else at home?
Who else apart from Porsch?
- Shoot!
Hey!
Let's take it slow, Rung.
You're home?
- What are you doing?
- Welcoming food. Good, isn't it?
Are you trying to burn
my kitchen down?
Who can eat this garbage?
Hey, I'm being generous and helpful.
When are you going to stop
being such a pain?
Okay, now you're asking for it.
Porsch!
What are you doing?
The smoke's getting
into Rung's room.
I'm cooking.
I made food for everyone.
Shoot!
Meow.
If you try to burn
my house down again,
I'm going to kick you out.
You're heartless.
I put my feelings into my cooking.
I really did give it my best,
you know?
What feelings?
Mind told me if you put in...
your feelings,
the food will be tasty.
Tan, I got rid of the smoke
in Rung's room.
I'm going out.
Mmm.
- Where are you going?
- You're coming with me.
Why do I have to?
I don't want a fight to break out
while I'm away.
Come on.
- Hey!
- Keep walking.
Agh!
I hope you're gone for good.
Hello?
Come on over.
Okay. See you.
Rung, Rarin's here.
Hello.
Are you sure
that you don't want to rest?
I've rested enough. You know that.
You can sit down and talk to her.
Mmm.
I'll bring you some water.
Am I bothering you?
Not at all.
I heard you have your own brand?
That's right.
But I'm trying to do a rebrand
at the moment.
Bangkok Fashion Week is next month.
Mmm.
You're quite talented.
How come a talented person
became my brother's girlfriend?
Actually,
it's my first time
collaborating with them.
And
I still can't come up
with an outfit for the finale.
What are you going to do then?
Hmm.
I don't really know.
Sometimes I look at references
or
I sleep for the whole day.
Or sometimes I just wait
for the rain.
Rain?
Uhh...
I mean that
I look at the weather.
I'll bring over some fruit.
You're a designer as well?
Mmm.
But I don't really remember
what kind of designer I was.
Hasn't your memory returned?
I can vaguely remember.
I remember before I went to sleep,
I was designing an outfit.
But I can't remember what style.
But you're talented.
You'll come up with something.
Huh.
Not really.
But I work hard
because there are a lot of things
that I still don't know.
Hmm.
Rung,
do you mind
if I show you
some of my old work?
I don't mind.
This one
is the 2019 collection.
Lovely complementary colors.
There's beige, pastel...
Hmm.
They look very masculine.
This one
is from my first collection.
It's very beautiful.
Rung?
Tan! Tan!
What's wrong, Rung?
I have a headache.
You should rest.
I think
that's all for today. I'm sorry.
I'd like the spicy fish, please.
Not only did you not eat
the food I cooked,
you're also taking me out for
a meal. Why are you so heartless?
You dare to call it food?
I cooked with my feelings
just like you told me to.
What feelings?
The feelings of...
La-la.
Enjoyment.
The feelings of enjoyment.
It's already enjoyable
just by inhaling the smell.
Really? Thanks.
I was being sarcastic.
Uhh...oh?
I finally found you, Porsch.
I'll give you a lift.
It's okay. You should stay
and take care of Rung.
I'm worried about her.
Mmm.
By the way, you've been
doing alright lately, right?
Why?
You seem more stressed than usual.
I told you if there's anything,
you can tell me right away.
Mmm.
It's nothing.
It's just about work.
Well, it's almost event day
but nothing's finished.
It's probably going to rain soon.
You might not want to tell me,
but your heart will.
We're lucky we have
our special powers.
Alright. Tell me
what's troubling you.
It's okay.
You can trust me.
I love you.
I love you. I love you.
I love you too.
It's okay if you don't
want to say it right now.
You don't have to.
Is something wrong?
Nothing.
Should we go inside for now?
I'll give you a lift
once the rain stops.
Why are you here?
I'm here to take you home.
I'm not going.
Is something the matter?
Are you Mind?
Excuse me, but I need to
bring Porsch home.
I said I'm not going.
Didn't you hear me?
Porsch, you know what's going to
happen if you defy Dad.
Are you my sister or my mother?
I know and I'm used to it by now.
And I'm not going.
Seize him.
Wait, wait, wait! Be gentle!
- Hey!
- Be gentle!
Hold on! What are you doing?
Porsch!
Listen to me carefully,
you have to come back
and get married.
- Huh?
You also look cute
when your hair's wet.
I want to give you a noogie.
Hey, I heard that.
Oops, busted.
Really!
You're crazy.
But no matter how crazy you are,
I still love you.
Hey, I can hear you too.
You still love me
no matter how crazy I am, right?
I won't think about you anymore.
I'll only think
about work, work, work.
Rin, don't get all worked up
about it.
You'll come up with something.
I just want to come up
with a new concept.
But I don't know where to start.
Then,
should you start
from something that's around you?
Around me?
Like, thinking of me a lot.
That has nothing to do with it!
Rin,
if it only rains in certain areas,
do you think we'll still
be able to hear each other?
Do you mean
if it rains where I am
but not where you are?
Mmm.
Sometimes the rain clouds don't
surround both of us.
Like us, we fight and we're good
to each other sometimes.
We're good to each other
and we fight sometimes?
That's it!
What?
Thank you so much!
You're an inspiration to me again!
Give me 500.
What for?
For my idea.
What's the matter?
I was only joking.
The rain's stopped.
I should go.
- Hold on.
- Hmm?
Don't you want to
stay a little longer?
I want to go back
and think about work.
Then we'll see each other later.
Mmm.
Okay.
I'll see you later.
You're the one who kidnapped me?
Why did you do that?
Because I love Tanthai.
I know everything about him
and everyone that's around him.
I'm going to report you
to the police
and tell Tan
that you're that insane fan.
Are you sure
you're going to do that?
You've always wondered, haven't you?
About your collection
that looks like Rung's?
Do you think
that Tanthai's never seen
that sketchbook?
Rung!
I know
that you and Tanthai are connected
through some kind of special power.
You probably think
it's a miracle from heaven
that's meant for the both of you.
But you probably don't know
that your power
has harmed someone.
If I explain,
Tan will understand.
Rung is everything
to Tanthai.
I don't think he'll be
able to accept it.
Tan.
Yes, Rung?
Rarin...
The woman named Rarin.
Stay away from her.
She's the one who made me
lose the will to live.
If you don't want this
to be exposed,
then give that power to me!
Give it to me!
I want you to keep an eye
on this nurse, Mind.
I don't really trust her.
What are you thinking about?
Why is it so difficult
for you to start a rumor
about a guy?
The collection I was designing
was stolen by the brand
called Rarin.
She's the one who made me
lose the will to live.
Thank you very much, Tan.
Rung's idea is really great.